Fix: #16162 Go Kart speeds not correctly randomised (#16165)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Fix: [#16063] Object Selection preview for objects with glass is broken.
- Fix: [#16075] Exporting track designs saves scenery in incorrect locations.
- Fix: [#16087] The Looping Roller Coaster booster is now always drawn correctly.

> - Fix: [#16162] Go Karts speeds not correctly randomized, they only go very fast or very slow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix: [#16162] Go Karts speeds are not correctly randomised, they only go very fast or very slow.
```
